content/collections/rainshadow-mlp-music/index.md, before:

+++
title = "RainShadow My Little Pony Music & BGM Rips"
tags = ["community"]
date = "2024-05-19T07:18:51Z"
+++

Music rips by RainShadow for seasons 3 to 9 of Friendship is Magic, plus Equestria Girls and other media. These rips are available on [MediaFire](https://www.mediafire.com/folder/rh219xdgj66bu/My_Little_Pony%3A_Music_%26_BGM_Rips), linked from RainShadow's [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwz7n4DAn79fEG4DguZWC5A).

## Season 3

* [MP3]({{< resurl "MP3 My Little Pony FIM Season 3 OST.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "8799572ce1c5556986a0c0ec31eb4a0636d8155e" >}}))
* [AAC]({{< resurl "AAC My Little Pony FIM Season 3 OST.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "789f277661abe37f547c104c7a18f54bca5b13b0" >}}))
* [FLAC]({{< resurl "FLAC My Little Pony FIM Season 3 OST.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "8ae9ebfa3f327664e1abbcc463a410d022196a30" >}}))
* [ALAC]({{< resurl "ALAC My Little Pony FIM Season 3 OST.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "3c7778e1e489e9f3dd36bd3c7d17e8a6c8eb6011" >}}))

## Season 4

Seasons 4 to 7 follow a similar format (although season 7 does not include a booklet). From the description of a [YouTube video](https://web.archive.org/web/20140913204441/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4f7XCXd4SX8):

> The soundtrack is split into 2 downloads. This first contains discs 1 & 3, which have all of the songs, backing vocal versions, and instrumentals by Daniel Ingram. The second download contains disc 2, which is the complete season 4 BGM collection by William Anderson.
>
> Downloads are available in high-quality MP3/AAC, or in lossless ALAC/FLAC, and are available as either a direct download or torrent. The download also includes a 54 page digital booklet with images from the show, as well as analysis/commentary on every song and every episode's score, diving deeper into reoccurring themes, musical styles, and musical callbacks. It's a nice read, as it's easy to overlook the continuity the score of the show has.

(Use "Inspect Element" to view the full description in the archived page.)

* Songs
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - Songs-Instrumentals - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "97963f1460e10d5858284e18074cd89aa44870de" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - Songs-Instrumentals - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "fc08976d270a981d7429341893a6140f6547ed06" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - Songs-Instrumentals - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "9d80ebb47bfd07b62b80ea17b77b480c06d6d1a0" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - Songs-Instrumentals - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "05abe798f37ba189f89799fe4fef49974ab14463" >}}))
* BGM
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - BGM - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "fedabaa2d1fd78771250d517e6a58446a1b9e053" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - BGM - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "ab38ab990fb1d1456c09b918235da43cfd362613" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - BGM - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "209f47d57ca98ffc3990862ad11932e9f8cfd8f4" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - BGM - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "5a4fce373bcf540acf188f15a2bbc1cf8ba5e055" >}}))
* [Digital Booklet]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack Digital Booklet.pdf.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "a245ebe0b1c44da43c9d085dd87be76920751c9d" >}})) [Note: This is an original torrent.]

## Season 5

* Songs
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete Songs - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "bbf31e5afd6a7233af31630cca0fe6f0348d5119" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete Songs - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "3c041810847fc4edb3628cfd372fdde31290afb3" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete Songs - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "1abbba219c2630f4f45a29e60b68e6ff3a651f57" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete Songs - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "8d153d034d03465938d35e37d93b4f6d278437f6" >}}))
* BGM
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete BGM - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "5089a3264825563a4d1f2cb23e91d311db50d12c" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete BGM - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "391c33423602b12e3c829db07c2a4af08ec19ff6" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete BGM - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "0f80c5db51f8a9acf60a8b0e8130612f982c1860" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete BGM - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "c54771da9d4e8f915eddbeedfbb5bed2d290b32f" >}}))
* [Digital Booklet]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Annotated Score (Digital Booklet).pdf.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "03bea3e33e492c604e491e1f2d6a5051b448823d" >}})) [Note: This is an original torrent.]

## Season 6

* Songs
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete Songs - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "5b55b3cce898cec8b8610aabdb7a11a90b8178b8" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete Songs - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "f8bce341ab3f10baf68519e0cfe8067d4c652f98" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete Songs - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "a1d74125f97b5df3e6900c89a3236790a7e37ba7" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete Songs - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "5d01418a97934c4eb15516a2f44e845895471e17" >}}))
* BGM
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete BGM - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "3d0e5a3100b96603c80f26a7298c96574eefe053" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete BGM - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "4c84f44ab9ce067d9e06312dbba49333d09b62f3" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete BGM - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "9768ffb47bb3dfd779515f2abb3eb87557bdd981" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete BGM - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "0a77d0ce3408f4c8008d2c78f1df3ed0baae51a6" >}}))
* [Digital Booklet]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Annotated Score (Digital Booklet).pdf.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "d52d74a55ba91ac6d7179582059a1d18978e4bae" >}})) [Note: This is an original torrent.]

## Season 7

* Songs
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete Songs - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "ff6f698af7663575797fe105a0f8f7fec33d7d92" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete Songs - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "1aece90ba0bf14f81cc447fbc7a9315837fce59b" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete Songs - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "43798e2bcbd8ae0f2e5fb2202eb3ce90227786f7" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete Songs - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "54bbcf866c3776cc37f78a6cf1ad511acaf0b530" >}}))
* BGM
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete BGM - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "1d78462c77cec63e31e3808310341cbb29cbfcac" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete BGM - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "bfc6eca0e1e8994c95d1b08535a3a180c28a5864" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete BGM - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "7d65a5262d8e884f3de880b2010f632aecfd92d9" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete BGM - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "6b84374e38c35bf85732ed15627f7bf0f4c1f4b4" >}}))

Commit message:

Add note about torrents being added to RainShadow rips collection

content/collections/rainshadow-mlp-music/index.md, after:

+++
title = "RainShadow My Little Pony Music & BGM Rips"
tags = ["community"]
date = "2024-05-19T07:18:51Z"
+++

Music rips by RainShadow for seasons 3 to 9 of Friendship is Magic, plus Equestria Girls and other media. These rips are available on [MediaFire](https://www.mediafire.com/folder/rh219xdgj66bu/My_Little_Pony%3A_Music_%26_BGM_Rips), linked from RainShadow's [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwz7n4DAn79fEG4DguZWC5A).

**Note**: I am currently in the process of adding additional torrents. Only seasons 3 to 7 of Friendship is Magic are currently available.

## Season 3

* [MP3]({{< resurl "MP3 My Little Pony FIM Season 3 OST.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "8799572ce1c5556986a0c0ec31eb4a0636d8155e" >}}))
* [AAC]({{< resurl "AAC My Little Pony FIM Season 3 OST.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "789f277661abe37f547c104c7a18f54bca5b13b0" >}}))
* [FLAC]({{< resurl "FLAC My Little Pony FIM Season 3 OST.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "8ae9ebfa3f327664e1abbcc463a410d022196a30" >}}))
* [ALAC]({{< resurl "ALAC My Little Pony FIM Season 3 OST.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "3c7778e1e489e9f3dd36bd3c7d17e8a6c8eb6011" >}}))

## Season 4

Seasons 4 to 7 follow a similar format (although season 7 does not include a booklet). From the description of a [YouTube video](https://web.archive.org/web/20140913204441/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4f7XCXd4SX8):

> The soundtrack is split into 2 downloads. This first contains discs 1 & 3, which have all of the songs, backing vocal versions, and instrumentals by Daniel Ingram. The second download contains disc 2, which is the complete season 4 BGM collection by William Anderson.
>
> Downloads are available in high-quality MP3/AAC, or in lossless ALAC/FLAC, and are available as either a direct download or torrent. The download also includes a 54 page digital booklet with images from the show, as well as analysis/commentary on every song and every episode's score, diving deeper into reoccurring themes, musical styles, and musical callbacks. It's a nice read, as it's easy to overlook the continuity the score of the show has.

(Use "Inspect Element" to view the full description in the archived page.)

* Songs
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - Songs-Instrumentals - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "97963f1460e10d5858284e18074cd89aa44870de" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - Songs-Instrumentals - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "fc08976d270a981d7429341893a6140f6547ed06" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - Songs-Instrumentals - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "9d80ebb47bfd07b62b80ea17b77b480c06d6d1a0" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - Songs-Instrumentals - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "05abe798f37ba189f89799fe4fef49974ab14463" >}}))
* BGM
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - BGM - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "fedabaa2d1fd78771250d517e6a58446a1b9e053" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - BGM - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "ab38ab990fb1d1456c09b918235da43cfd362613" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - BGM - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "209f47d57ca98ffc3990862ad11932e9f8cfd8f4" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack - BGM - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "5a4fce373bcf540acf188f15a2bbc1cf8ba5e055" >}}))
* [Digital Booklet]({{< resurl "MLPFIM Season 4 Original Soundtrack Digital Booklet.pdf.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "a245ebe0b1c44da43c9d085dd87be76920751c9d" >}})) [Note: This is an original torrent.]

## Season 5

* Songs
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete Songs - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "bbf31e5afd6a7233af31630cca0fe6f0348d5119" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete Songs - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "3c041810847fc4edb3628cfd372fdde31290afb3" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete Songs - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "1abbba219c2630f4f45a29e60b68e6ff3a651f57" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete Songs - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "8d153d034d03465938d35e37d93b4f6d278437f6" >}}))
* BGM
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete BGM - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "5089a3264825563a4d1f2cb23e91d311db50d12c" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete BGM - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "391c33423602b12e3c829db07c2a4af08ec19ff6" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete BGM - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "0f80c5db51f8a9acf60a8b0e8130612f982c1860" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Complete BGM - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "c54771da9d4e8f915eddbeedfbb5bed2d290b32f" >}}))
* [Digital Booklet]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 5 Annotated Score (Digital Booklet).pdf.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "03bea3e33e492c604e491e1f2d6a5051b448823d" >}})) [Note: This is an original torrent.]

## Season 6

* Songs
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete Songs - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "5b55b3cce898cec8b8610aabdb7a11a90b8178b8" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete Songs - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "f8bce341ab3f10baf68519e0cfe8067d4c652f98" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete Songs - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "a1d74125f97b5df3e6900c89a3236790a7e37ba7" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete Songs - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "5d01418a97934c4eb15516a2f44e845895471e17" >}}))
* BGM
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete BGM - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "3d0e5a3100b96603c80f26a7298c96574eefe053" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete BGM - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "4c84f44ab9ce067d9e06312dbba49333d09b62f3" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete BGM - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "9768ffb47bb3dfd779515f2abb3eb87557bdd981" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Complete BGM - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "0a77d0ce3408f4c8008d2c78f1df3ed0baae51a6" >}}))
* [Digital Booklet]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 6 Annotated Score (Digital Booklet).pdf.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "d52d74a55ba91ac6d7179582059a1d18978e4bae" >}})) [Note: This is an original torrent.]

## Season 7

* Songs
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete Songs - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "ff6f698af7663575797fe105a0f8f7fec33d7d92" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete Songs - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "1aece90ba0bf14f81cc447fbc7a9315837fce59b" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete Songs - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "43798e2bcbd8ae0f2e5fb2202eb3ce90227786f7" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete Songs - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "54bbcf866c3776cc37f78a6cf1ad511acaf0b530" >}}))
* BGM
	* [MP3]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete BGM - MP3.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "1d78462c77cec63e31e3808310341cbb29cbfcac" >}}))
	* [AAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete BGM - AAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "bfc6eca0e1e8994c95d1b08535a3a180c28a5864" >}}))
	* [FLAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete BGM - FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "7d65a5262d8e884f3de880b2010f632aecfd92d9" >}}))
	* [ALAC]({{< resurl "My Little Pony Season 7 Complete BGM - ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "6b84374e38c35bf85732ed15627f7bf0f4c1f4b4" >}}))
