content/collections/mlp-unofficial-soundtrack/index.md, before:

+++
title = "MLP Unofficial Soundtrack"
tags = ["community", "help-wanted"]
date = "2023-04-26T23:56:44Z"
+++

The [MLP Unofficial Soundtrack](https://mlpost.tumblr.com/), a soundtrack for My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic by CaptainComedy.

(This collection previously included RainShadow's music rips for season 4. These are now in a [separate collection]({{< relref "../rainshadow-mlp-music/index.md" >}}).)

## Seasons 1 and 2

{{< original-torrent >}}

Seasons 1 and 2 are available on [Mediafire](https://www.mediafire.com/?rdhhrpyc0d6d3).

There are two torrents available, one with the files as is and one with the archive files unpacked and organized. (The archive files are unpacked with a [shell script]({{< resurl "unpack-mlpostr.sh" >}}); refer to the comments in the script for more information.)

* [My Little Pony OST Repository]({{< resurl "My Little Pony OST Repository.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "ba4c02d812737faaa1db1adf37c47938564a7756" >}}))
* [My Little Pony OST Repository (Unpacked)]({{< resurl "My Little Pony OST Repository (Unpacked).torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "1932b509d2cb7d018e1c44e366e6d076133054fd" >}}))

(The [MLP Music Archive](https://web.archive.org/web/20130330071328/http://mlpmusicarchive.com/the-archive) had different torrents for this soundtrack, but these seem to be "lost.")

## Season 3

{{< original-torrent >}}

Season 3 is available on Mega ([direct links on Tumblr](https://mlpost.tumblr.com/post/82467201920/season-3-soundtrack-available)):

* [MP3]({{< resurl "MLP-Unofficial-Soundtrack-S3-MP3-V2.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "7184fd339edf15782819f4d960ccf9fe21597fe8" >}}))
* [FLAC]({{< resurl "MLP-Unofficial-Soundtrack-S3-FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "d8897c568aaf36a44c30874e7ab2a34732ab20d6" >}}))
* [Apple Lossless]({{< resurl "MLP-Unofficial-Soundtrack-S3-ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "3e907d4897f0e816277aa6dd68ec7734c25cecbf" >}}))

Commit message:

Clarify help wanted for MLP Unofficial Soundtrack

content/collections/mlp-unofficial-soundtrack/index.md, after:

+++
title = "MLP Unofficial Soundtrack"
tags = ["community", "help-wanted"]
date = "2023-04-26T23:56:44Z"
lastmod = "2024-05-19T07:24:54Z"
+++

The [MLP Unofficial Soundtrack](https://mlpost.tumblr.com/), a soundtrack for My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic by CaptainComedy.

(This collection previously included RainShadow's music rips for season 4. These are now in a [separate collection]({{< relref "../rainshadow-mlp-music/index.md" >}}).)

## Seasons 1 and 2

{{< original-torrent >}}

Seasons 1 and 2 are available on [Mediafire](https://www.mediafire.com/?rdhhrpyc0d6d3).

There are two torrents available, one with the files as is and one with the archive files unpacked and organized. (The archive files are unpacked with a [shell script]({{< resurl "unpack-mlpostr.sh" >}}); refer to the comments in the script for more information.)

* [My Little Pony OST Repository]({{< resurl "My Little Pony OST Repository.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "ba4c02d812737faaa1db1adf37c47938564a7756" >}}))
* [My Little Pony OST Repository (Unpacked)]({{< resurl "My Little Pony OST Repository (Unpacked).torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "1932b509d2cb7d018e1c44e366e6d076133054fd" >}}))

**Help Wanted**: The [MLP Music Archive](https://web.archive.org/web/20130330071328/http://mlpmusicarchive.com/the-archive) had different torrents for this soundtrack, but these seem to be "lost." If you have these torrents, please contact me.

## Season 3

{{< original-torrent >}}

Season 3 is available on Mega ([direct links on Tumblr](https://mlpost.tumblr.com/post/82467201920/season-3-soundtrack-available)):

* [MP3]({{< resurl "MLP-Unofficial-Soundtrack-S3-MP3-V2.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "7184fd339edf15782819f4d960ccf9fe21597fe8" >}}))
* [FLAC]({{< resurl "MLP-Unofficial-Soundtrack-S3-FLAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "d8897c568aaf36a44c30874e7ab2a34732ab20d6" >}}))
* [Apple Lossless]({{< resurl "MLP-Unofficial-Soundtrack-S3-ALAC.zip.torrent" >}}) ([magnet]({{< magnet "3e907d4897f0e816277aa6dd68ec7734c25cecbf" >}}))
